com/logic/logicmod/setup/ModBlocks.java
 com.logic.logicmod.setup.ModBlocks
com/logic/logicmod/block/CircuitTable/GateBuilderConatiner.java
 com.logic.logicmod.block.CircuitTable.GateBuilderConatiner
 com.logic.logicmod.block.CircuitTable.GateBuilderConatiner$1
 com.logic.logicmod.block.CircuitTable.GateBuilderConatiner$2
com/logic/logicmod/setup/ModTags.java
 com.logic.logicmod.setup.ModTags
 com.logic.logicmod.setup.ModTags$Blocks
 com.logic.logicmod.setup.ModTags$Items
com/logic/logicmod/EventHandler.java
 com.logic.logicmod.EventHandler
com/logic/logicmod/block/package-info.java
 com.logic.logicmod.block.package-info
com/logic/logicmod/data/ModBlockTagsProvider.java
 com.logic.logicmod.data.ModBlockTagsProvider
com/logic/logicmod/block/CircuitTable/GateBuilderBlock.java
 com.logic.logicmod.block.CircuitTable.GateBuilderBlock
 com.logic.logicmod.block.CircuitTable.GateBuilderBlock$1
com/logic/logicmod/block/CircuitTable/GateBuilderTileEntity.java
 com.logic.logicmod.block.CircuitTable.GateBuilderTileEntity
 com.logic.logicmod.block.CircuitTable.GateBuilderTileEntity$1
com/logic/logicmod/setup/ModTileEntitiyType.java
 com.logic.logicmod.setup.ModTileEntitiyType
com/logic/logicmod/Redstone_Byte.java
 com.logic.logicmod.Redstone_Byte
com/logic/logicmod/crafting/recipe/package-info.java
 com.logic.logicmod.crafting.recipe.package-info
com/logic/logicmod/data/client/ModBlockStateProvider.java
 com.logic.logicmod.data.client.ModBlockStateProvider
com/logic/logicmod/Logic.java
 com.logic.logicmod.Logic
 com.logic.logicmod.Logic$RegistryEvents
com/logic/logicmod/block/CircuitTable/GateBuilderTileEntityRenderer.java
 com.logic.logicmod.block.CircuitTable.GateBuilderTileEntityRenderer
com/logic/logicmod/crafting/recipe/GateBuilderRecipe.java
 com.logic.logicmod.crafting.recipe.GateBuilderRecipe
 com.logic.logicmod.crafting.recipe.GateBuilderRecipe$Serializer
com/logic/logicmod/setup/ModRecipes.java
 com.logic.logicmod.setup.ModRecipes
 com.logic.logicmod.setup.ModRecipes$Types
com/logic/logicmod/item/SolderingIronItem.java
 com.logic.logicmod.item.SolderingIronItem
com/logic/logicmod/block/CircuitTable/GateBuilderScreen.java
 com.logic.logicmod.block.CircuitTable.GateBuilderScreen
com/logic/logicmod/setup/ModContainerType.java
 com.logic.logicmod.setup.ModContainerType
com/logic/logicmod/setup/RegistryHandler.java
 com.logic.logicmod.setup.RegistryHandler
 com.logic.logicmod.setup.RegistryHandler$Client
com/logic/logicmod/data/client/ModLootTableProvider.java
 com.logic.logicmod.data.client.ModLootTableProvider
 com.logic.logicmod.data.client.ModLootTableProvider$ModBlockLootTable
com/logic/logicmod/setup/ModItems.java
 com.logic.logicmod.setup.ModItems
com/logic/logicmod/data/client/ModRecipeProvider.java
 com.logic.logicmod.data.client.ModRecipeProvider
com/logic/logicmod/data/ModItemTagsProvider.java
 com.logic.logicmod.data.ModItemTagsProvider
com/logic/logicmod/data/DataGenerators.java
 com.logic.logicmod.data.DataGenerators
com/logic/logicmod/data/client/ModItemModelProvider.java
 com.logic.logicmod.data.client.ModItemModelProvider
